README.md, before:

# Awesome list of open source k8s and container tools

### [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) <sup>⭐️ x 22386</sup>
The Kubernetes Package Manager
### [lens](https://github.com/lensapp/lens) <sup>⭐️ x 19232</sup>
Lens - The way the world runs Kubernetes
### [harbor](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor) <sup>⭐️ x 18042</sup>
An open source trusted cloud native registry project that stores, signs, and scans content.
### [k9s](https://github.com/derailed/k9s) <sup>⭐️ x 17495</sup>
🐶 Kubernetes CLI To Manage Your Clusters In Style!
### [k6](https://github.com/grafana/k6) <sup>⭐️ x 17469</sup>
A modern load testing tool, using Go and JavaScript - https://k6.io
### [kops](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops) <sup>⭐️ x 14238</sup>
Kubernetes Operations (kOps) - Production Grade k8s Installation, Upgrades and Management
### [kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) <sup>⭐️ x 13548</sup>
Faster way to switch between clusters and namespaces in kubectl
### [skaffold](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold) <sup>⭐️ x 13121</sup>
Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development
### [kaniko](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko) <sup>⭐️ x 10791</sup>
Build Container Images In Kubernetes
### [argo-cd](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd) <sup>⭐️ x 10248</sup>
Declarative continuous deployment for Kubernetes.
### [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) <sup>⭐️ x 4514</sup>
Prevent cloud misconfigurations and find vulnerabilities during build-time in infrastructure as code, container images and open source packages with Checkov by Bridgecrew.
### [eksctl](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl) <sup>⭐️ x 4044</sup>
The official CLI for Amazon EKS
### [popeye](https://github.com/derailed/popeye) <sup>⭐️ x 3741</sup>
👀 A Kubernetes cluster resource sanitizer
### [werf](https://github.com/werf/werf) <sup>⭐️ x 3271</sup>
A solution for implementing efficient and consistent software delivery to Kubernetes facilitating best practices.
### [karpenter](https://github.com/aws/karpenter) <sup>⭐️ x 3136</sup>
Kubernetes Node Autoscaling: built for flexibility, performance, and simplicity.
### [devspace](https://github.com/loft-sh/devspace) <sup>⭐️ x 3022</sup>
DevSpace - The Fastest Developer Tool for Kubernetes ⚡ Automate your deployment workflow with DevSpace and develop software directly inside Kubernetes.
### [okteto](https://github.com/okteto/okteto) <sup>⭐️ x 2451</sup>
Develop your applications directly in your Kubernetes Cluster
### [ksniff](https://github.com/eldadru/ksniff) <sup>⭐️ x 2349</sup>
Kubectl plugin to ease sniffing on kubernetes pods using tcpdump and wireshark
### [vcluster](https://github.com/loft-sh/vcluster) <sup>⭐️ x 1837</sup>
vcluster - Create fully functional virtual Kubernetes clusters - Each vcluster runs inside a namespace of the underlying k8s cluster. It's cheaper than creating separate full-blown clusters and it offers better multi-tenancy and isolation than regular namespaces.
### [kpt](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt) <sup>⭐️ x 1233</sup>
Automate Kubernetes Configuration Editing
### [robusta](https://github.com/robusta-dev/robusta) <sup>⭐️ x 730</sup>
Open source Kubernetes troubleshooting and automation platform
### [kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack) <sup>⭐️ x 698</sup>
Kubernetes Native Container Build Service
### [clusterlint](https://github.com/digitalocean/clusterlint) <sup>⭐️ x 480</sup>
A best practices checker for Kubernetes clusters. 🤠
### [betterscan-ce](https://github.com/marcinguy/betterscan-ce) <sup>⭐️ x 267</sup>
Code Scanning/SAST/Static Analysis/Linting using many tools/Scanners with One Report (Code, IaC) - Betterscan Community Edition (CE)
### [kfilt](https://github.com/ryane/kfilt) <sup>⭐️ x 73</sup>
kfilt can filter Kubernetes resources.
### [kpoof](https://github.com/farmotive/kpoof) <sup>⭐️ x 69</sup>
Quick k8s port-forward utility
### [kluctl](https://github.com/kluctl/kluctl) <sup>⭐️ x 63</sup>
The missing glue to put together large Kubernetes deployments, composed of multiple smaller parts (Helm/Kustomize/...)  in a manageable and unified way.
### [kubernetes-event-exporter](https://github.com/resmoio/kubernetes-event-exporter) <sup>⭐️ x 33</sup>
Export Kubernetes events to multiple destinations with routing and filtering

## Contributing

Send me a PR.

Commit message:

add flux cd (#12)
* add flux cd

* chore: autopublish 2022-08-11T22:29:47Z

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Awesome list of open source k8s and container tools

### [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) <sup>⭐️ x 22386</sup>
The Kubernetes Package Manager
### [lens](https://github.com/lensapp/lens) <sup>⭐️ x 19232</sup>
Lens - The way the world runs Kubernetes
### [harbor](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor) <sup>⭐️ x 18042</sup>
An open source trusted cloud native registry project that stores, signs, and scans content.
### [k9s](https://github.com/derailed/k9s) <sup>⭐️ x 17496</sup>
🐶 Kubernetes CLI To Manage Your Clusters In Style!
### [k6](https://github.com/grafana/k6) <sup>⭐️ x 17469</sup>
A modern load testing tool, using Go and JavaScript - https://k6.io
### [kops](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops) <sup>⭐️ x 14238</sup>
Kubernetes Operations (kOps) - Production Grade k8s Installation, Upgrades and Management
### [kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) <sup>⭐️ x 13548</sup>
Faster way to switch between clusters and namespaces in kubectl
### [skaffold](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold) <sup>⭐️ x 13121</sup>
Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development
### [kaniko](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko) <sup>⭐️ x 10791</sup>
Build Container Images In Kubernetes
### [argo-cd](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd) <sup>⭐️ x 10248</sup>
Declarative continuous deployment for Kubernetes.
### [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) <sup>⭐️ x 4514</sup>
Prevent cloud misconfigurations and find vulnerabilities during build-time in infrastructure as code, container images and open source packages with Checkov by Bridgecrew.
### [eksctl](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl) <sup>⭐️ x 4044</sup>
The official CLI for Amazon EKS
### [popeye](https://github.com/derailed/popeye) <sup>⭐️ x 3741</sup>
👀 A Kubernetes cluster resource sanitizer
### [flux2](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2) <sup>⭐️ x 3665</sup>
Open and extensible continuous delivery solution for Kubernetes. Powered by GitOps Toolkit.
### [werf](https://github.com/werf/werf) <sup>⭐️ x 3271</sup>
A solution for implementing efficient and consistent software delivery to Kubernetes facilitating best practices.
### [karpenter](https://github.com/aws/karpenter) <sup>⭐️ x 3136</sup>
Kubernetes Node Autoscaling: built for flexibility, performance, and simplicity.
### [devspace](https://github.com/loft-sh/devspace) <sup>⭐️ x 3022</sup>
DevSpace - The Fastest Developer Tool for Kubernetes ⚡ Automate your deployment workflow with DevSpace and develop software directly inside Kubernetes.
### [okteto](https://github.com/okteto/okteto) <sup>⭐️ x 2451</sup>
Develop your applications directly in your Kubernetes Cluster
### [ksniff](https://github.com/eldadru/ksniff) <sup>⭐️ x 2349</sup>
Kubectl plugin to ease sniffing on kubernetes pods using tcpdump and wireshark
### [vcluster](https://github.com/loft-sh/vcluster) <sup>⭐️ x 1837</sup>
vcluster - Create fully functional virtual Kubernetes clusters - Each vcluster runs inside a namespace of the underlying k8s cluster. It's cheaper than creating separate full-blown clusters and it offers better multi-tenancy and isolation than regular namespaces.
### [kpt](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt) <sup>⭐️ x 1233</sup>
Automate Kubernetes Configuration Editing
### [kubernetes-event-exporter](https://github.com/opsgenie/kubernetes-event-exporter) <sup>⭐️ x 986</sup>
Export Kubernetes events to multiple destinations with routing and filtering
### [robusta](https://github.com/robusta-dev/robusta) <sup>⭐️ x 730</sup>
Open source Kubernetes troubleshooting and automation platform
### [kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack) <sup>⭐️ x 698</sup>
Kubernetes Native Container Build Service
### [clusterlint](https://github.com/digitalocean/clusterlint) <sup>⭐️ x 480</sup>
A best practices checker for Kubernetes clusters. 🤠
### [betterscan-ce](https://github.com/marcinguy/betterscan-ce) <sup>⭐️ x 267</sup>
Code Scanning/SAST/Static Analysis/Linting using many tools/Scanners with One Report (Code, IaC) - Betterscan Community Edition (CE)
### [kfilt](https://github.com/ryane/kfilt) <sup>⭐️ x 73</sup>
kfilt can filter Kubernetes resources.
### [kpoof](https://github.com/farmotive/kpoof) <sup>⭐️ x 69</sup>
Quick k8s port-forward utility
### [kluctl](https://github.com/kluctl/kluctl) <sup>⭐️ x 63</sup>
The missing glue to put together large Kubernetes deployments, composed of multiple smaller parts (Helm/Kustomize/...)  in a manageable and unified way.

## Contributing

Send me a PR.
